README.md, before:

# playwright-technical-challenge
Technical challenge using Playwright for E2E testing

## Getting Started

Build the docker image

```bash
docker build -t playwright-tests .
```

Verify image was created successfully

```bash
docker image ls
```

### Run Tests Locally

```bash
pnpm run test
```

### Run Tests In Docker Container

```bash
docker run -it playwright-tests:latest npm run test
```

## Assumptions

- I assume that I am not restricted from using a javascript date library.

### Test Case 1

- I assume that the datasets are available in a students.json file.

- I assume that the test should simulate user interaction as closely as possible:
  
  - For datepicker fields: click on the input field, and then select the year, month, and date.

  - For select fields: click on the input field, and then selecting the option with the correct value.

- For `Current Address`, 
  
  - I assume that I will use the `Address` value, and input any value of my choosing for any missing parts.

  - I assume that `Address` can be broken up to `block`, `street`, `unit`, `level`, `building`, and `postal`.
  
  - For the format, I assume that the semicolon should come after each address part, to make it more human-readable. Thus, I will format it as:
    
    `[Block Number] [Street Name]; #[Unit Level]-[Unit No.]; [Building Name]; Singapore Postal code [Postal Code]`

Commit message:

Updated test to expect second dataset submission to fail due to invalid 'Traveling' hobby

README.md, after:

# playwright-technical-challenge
Technical challenge using Playwright for E2E testing

## Getting Started

Build the docker image

```bash
docker build -t playwright-tests .
```

Verify image was created successfully

```bash
docker image ls
```

### Run Tests Locally

```bash
pnpm run test
```

### Run Tests In Docker Container

```bash
docker run -it playwright-tests:latest npm run test
```

## Assumptions

- I assume that I am not restricted from using a javascript date library.

### Test Case 1

- I assume that the datasets are available in a students.json file.

- I assume that the second dataset is expected to fail as there is no hobby checkbox for 'Traveling'.

- I assume that the test should simulate user interaction as closely as possible:
  
  - For datepicker fields: click on the input field, and then select the year, month, and date.

  - For select fields: click on the input field, and then selecting the option with the correct value.

- For `Current Address`, 
  
  - I assume that I will use the `Address` value, and input any value of my choosing for any missing parts.

  - I assume that `Address` can be broken up to `block`, `street`, `unit`, `level`, `building`, and `postal`.
  
  - For the format, I assume that the semicolon should come after each address part, to make it more human-readable. Thus, I will format it as:
    
    `[Block Number] [Street Name]; #[Unit Level]-[Unit No.]; [Building Name]; Singapore Postal code [Postal Code]`
